# CCHS-Basketball-Page
We weren't really prepared for this project when we started, as we had a whole twelve weeks without our computer coding class. However, when we finally came up with a client and an idea, we were off fairly quickly. 

First on our list was a simple, but effective home page. We looked around at other simple sites for inspiration and came up with what is now the CCHS basketball website. The page is split up into two sections: boys and girls. The boys side is illustrated with a picture of a boy's action shot, and the girl's is illustrated with a girl's action shot. The "boys" and "girls" labels are in all caps along a semi-transparent, horizontal white bar, and "CCHS Basketball" is written vertically on a vertical charcoal bar on the far left. As a finishing touch, we added a simple, javascript-run navigation bubble that extends upon clicking it, revealing three options: girl's films, boy's films, and sponsorship.

Upon clicking "boys" or "girls" on the home page, the site will take you to a new page with either the boy's team or the girl's team on it. On each page is three circles: schedule, team, and gallery. The circles are just a white (girls) or black (boys) ring with white or black text, but when hovered over, the bubble fills with white or black and the text turns in contrast of the bubble color. Along with the bubbles and picture, the same navigation bubble appears in the top right corner to take you back to the home page.

The schedule pages are quite simple. Each is simply made of one image that contains the respective team's 2017-18 schedule with opponent name, date of the game, and the result of the game. The school's logo is also used in the schedule for added effect.

The team pages are also quite simple. Each page has the respective team's picture with a white (girls) or black (boys) arrow at the very bottom to indicate that the user should scroll up. When you scroll up, a white area appears with each team member's name and number written in black, along with the names of the managers. The code was a little tricky when it came to making this section responsive, but we tested different methods of sizing the white area.

The gallery pages are a little more complicated, especially with responsiveness. The page consists of a white background with action shots of the respective team. Each picture is a different size, causing a neat effect. When scaling, the pictures adjust to fit, and eventually getting down to one single vertical row.

Lastly, we created our user form for sponsorships. The athletic department depends heavily on sponsorships from organizations and businesses, so we decided it would be a great idea to incorporate a system for this online. The form consists of three text boxes: one labelled "company or organization", one labelled "amount", and the last labelled "phone number or email." These boxes are each dedicated to a specific input like text, number, and email. A blue submit button is underneath the boxes that fades to grey when hovered over. A PHP file is needed to process submissions, so, at the moment, there is no way to actually "submit" these details. At the very bottom are a phone number to contact the school and an email to contact the athletic director. This page also has the navigation bubble that can take the user back to the home page.

After several weeks of almost non-stop work on the site, we have finally reached an end point for it. Yes, it may still contain the occasional bug or two, but our work and dedication have proved to surpass our original expectations for this project. Hopefully, the school will one day use this website for fans and others to become more involved with our basketball program and even have a stronger relationship with our athletic department as a whole.
